feat: Add k8s-deactivate action. (#18)
SocialGouv/actions: README.md

  with:
    kubeconfig: ${{ secrets.SOCIALGOUV_KUBE_CONFIG_DEV }}
```

## `socialgouv/actions/k8s-deactivate`

> - Clean review branches whenever a pull request is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Destroy kube namespace whenever a pull request is closed and a branch destroyed
```

Author: `and the branch destroyed` ... that's not true. Deactivation is triggered on PR close event only.
